Yuriy Chesnokov
 
lib.cpp, lib.h is the unicode C++ classes for the annotation,
denoising of the ECG data, CWT and FWT transforms.  ecg.rar is the
compliable VC++ 7.0 console project including these libraries.
 
The description is how to use these classes is at the end of every
class definition in the lib.h file (except for CWT and FWT which needs
to be described in more detail). I will do it in the course of the
next days, but to a programmer it is very easy to see how to use them
from Denoise and Annotation classes.
 
I believe you'd like to produce console applications for the usage of
these classes.  I originally developed them under Builder C++ project
which include GUI for data loading visualization etc... and use them
in this project.
 
The lib is currently in unicode version so if you are going to compile
it under gcc and it does not allow it I can produce multibyte
version. This was done intentionally since I had the trouble of
running my executable during my interview in Samsung company on korean
windows (though they anyway offered me a contract seeing my
project). So it must be capable now to load ECG filenames in chinese
characters.
 
So try to compile it under gcc, this should work, as I did compiled
under VC++ 7.0 some C++ classes developed and compiled under gcc, so
the vice versa should work also. But if you have VC studio 2003 this
should run without problems so you can experiment with annotation.
 
By the way you can change the names of the lib to say something like
ecglib.cpp or something if you like
 
P.S. the program is being developed during last couple of years so it
bug free I run it many times on 24h recordings without an exception
failure.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Update 17 May 2007

Yuriy has provided ecg-vc8.rar, an update of ecg.rar for VC++ 8.0 and VC
studio 2005.  He writes:

   [This version] includes main function in the ecg.cpp with the code
   to produce annotation to console stdout and save HRV data to rrs.txt.


